[Applause]
[Music]
this is what I would say I was like you
can run your mouth all you want all I
know is I've been voted sexiest student
rock wearing a mask you've been voted
ugly a student rock twice made out one
stick that up your nose it bothers me
because I put so much into everything I
do I put so much into my music I bleed
for it die for it every goddamn night
you know and to watch these people
basically let a computer go through the
motions and do all the work for them
it's insulting to everyone out there who
has more talent and less attention you
know so then I kind of end up sit there
just kind of stagnant in my rage just
going well what do I do
everybody I mean you know at this point
you know the popular usage would dictate
that that music is good because
everybody listens to it I think people
listen to because they feel like that's
the only choice they have you know lip
biscuit somebody inlet biscuit had the
audacity to say to one of our good
friends who's a very reliable source
that Slipknot fans are nothing but a
bunch of fat ugly kids
on our second you know what I said to
that on our second hold on I want to
tell you what I said to that one one I'm
a fat ugly kid to slipknot fans for the
most part enjoy all kinds of music like
lint biscuit maybe so what you're
basically saying is that your fans are
fat ugly kids too is that what you're
trying to say to me mana huh is that
what you want to say you want to talk
[Applause]
Nickelback songs yeah yeah solid you're
all a tower like there's somebody
texting you questions to ask me no just
to get me wound up dead like escape of
rock'n'roll
they really are however they are passing
the baton to imagine dragons right now
and I love it
I saw all people who are they well I'll
tell you what they are they're awful no
so that's cool and they're from fake
it's gonna go home gas station can't
show my face in this town now yeah
they're like people are slowly coming
back to appreciate Nickelback and then
just turning there there was it was it
worked some higher towards imagine
dragons I thought I wouldn't get any
worse than reality television people and
then the social media solution came or
vine I was like what the hell there but
there were whole vine tours at one point
and like I mean thousands of screaming
little girls I'm like going what hell is
this like it was insane so now now you
have like the cash me outside chick and
all that garbage I'm like what did she
do like at all and well and of course
I'm just such an angry asshole in any
way that I'll just say whatever comes
into my head
[Applause]
Kanye you are not not the greatest
living rock star of all time the fact
that you had to tell people that kinda
says it all you remind me of the guy who
brags about put they never get as much
as they brag about stop it stop it
first of all her face she said she is so
close to looking like Cher at this point
it's very very Shelley Beaton you know
there's like fit on the chin they're
just like they're so swollen up because
they've just been smacked in the face
with shells all around on our TV show
and Chloe never done any of that shit I
got asked two years in a row to be on a
reality show and I couldn't hang up
I'm not gonna sit here and call him a
Hitler like a lot of other people will I
think he's just a massive ego he's a
business man who is gonna try and run
America Inc and that doesn't work that's
not what governments do as far as I'm
concerned and I may be naive but I grew
up watching different programs and
different things in different forms of
deregulation and it's never gone the
right way for the middle class and to
everybody who that keeps telling me to
give him a chance I keep trying to give
him a chance and he keeps shooting
himself in the flavor all right let's
take a look at why this happened and a
lot of it's on her you know I wasn't
washed this wasn't just because Trump
was supported this is because Hillary
didn't do it right
and she certainly didn't try to do it
right and you know anybody who wants to
argue those points with me you're more
than welcome to because it's very true
so I think they're both
it's ridiculous shut your mouth
douchebag atomic rats this did you not
hear what the first part of the show is
going to be involved with go to align
the bathroom
[Applause]
[Music]
if it's if it's something that they
truly believe in Who am I to disprove it
but at the same time I don't believe in
it myself it's kind of like religion
it's like you can believe whatever the
hell you want I just don't subscribe to
it and I'm gonna do my very best not to
make fun of you for it I fail a lot but
you know it is what it is but uh John
Edwards is just a tool so and you can
print that
[Music]